Refactor the Sparkline.type description (#797)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/20 Data Visualization Widgets/dxSparkline/1 Configuration/type.md

Determines the type of a sparkline.

---

> A sparkline type determines the visual representation of data. The following list shows options that are available for the **Sparkline** of a certain type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The sparkline type determines how data is visualized. The following list shows options that are available for different types of  **Sparklines**:
```

- [tooltip](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxSparkline/Configuration/tooltip/)
- [valueField](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxSparkline/Configuration/#valueField)

The following options are available for the **line**, **spline**, **stepline**, **area**, **splinearea**, and **steparea** types:      

- [lineColor](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxSparkline/Configuration/#lineColor)
- [lineWidth](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxSparkline/Configuration/#lineWidth)
- [pointColor](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxSparkline/Configuration/#pointColor)
- [pointSize](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxSparkline/Configuration/#pointSize)
- [pointSymbol](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxSparkline/Configuration/#pointSymbol)

The following options are available for the **bar** type:

- [barNegativeColor](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxSparkline/Configuration/#barNegativeColor)
- [barPositiveColor](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxSparkline/Configuration/#barPositiveColor)

> The following options are available for the **winloss** type:

Reviewer 2: We repeat this phrase four times. I think it would be better to make a list in which series types would be items and options would be subitems.
